Good Afternoon, My name is Pakkapon Phongthawee from Silpakorn University. Today I would like to present my project. A new numerical algorithm for TV-based image inpainting with its applications for restoring ancient Thai painting images and removing subtitles from animes.

In this project, we will talk about Image inpainting which is a method to restoring damaged image. like we have this damage image which is the white part. we need to recovery it to something like this.

In Thailand, We have a lot of ancient thai painting which are damaged because a time we pass. so we can use this project to save our painting.

To talk about painting. we defined Omega is image domain which is square image. in image have damaged part we called it inpainting domain that denote by D We need to fix damaged image Z which contain D by searching U image which is origal image. 

We can search orignal image U from Z by compute solution of this model.

However, non-diffrentibility and non linearity of TV regulaization make it hard to solve. so we need to develop effcient numerical algorithm.

So, Our Objective in This project is to study numerical algorithm for TV base inpainting because we use previously exist algorithm as our base  and the second is to develop a new algorithm from the base. and third is apply new algorithm in painting restoration and removed subtitle from anime. 

For our algorithm. we use Split bregman method as base. we reformulate this model into this.  and solve it with alternating method which is find new u, then use new u to find new w and update b reoeart in until u is converge.

Our new algorithm has concept from initial solution. we believe that good initial solution make iteration converge faster. so we use image pyramid which inpaint small image and scale up to use as initial solution.

we will use four level of image-pyramid

but we had found that iteration in finest level in just a few steps is nearly to be a solution

Then we compare our algorithm with split bregman on 5 thai painting 

For Anime subtitle removal, we use one-minute video 

we create 20 line of subtitles by using lorem ipsum.

split video into five to create 5 example.

Since video is a sequence of image so we can use previous algorithm in each image.

we also develop own algorithm to finding subtitles by assume as all anime subtitles always has black border

we still use concept about good initial solution. for video, we believe that previous frame is good to be initial solution.

but we will use as initial solution if current frame close to previous frame. so we consider similarities by calculate SSIM outside inpaint domain which are the red area in this pic.

For more rapid time of processing we also invent skip and borrow frame technique which is if ssim more than 0.95 we use previous frame as result if more than 0.9 we use as initial solution


For the result, we have to measurement restoration quality whcih use two method 

first, PSNR use for tell how quality in each pixel close to original. higher is better 

second, SSIM use for tell how structure same with original. for example when we restoring circle, do we get a circle or square. SSIM is in range 0 to 1. and close to one is better

This is comparision between split bregman method with our method  here is a result.

conclusion

In restoring ancient Thai painting image, our algorithm is 7 times faster than split Bregman and have more quality in both terms of PSNR and SSIM. For removing subtitles from animes, even split Bregman is better in quality but our algorithm is 67 times faster.


discussion 

In this work, a new numerical algorithm for the TV based image inpainting model was proposed. As expected, our experimental results reveal that the new algorithm is significantly faster than the existing method.


we also provide sample here

thank you