Good Morning, My name is Pakkapon Phongthawee from Silpakorn University. Today I would like to present my project. A new numerical algorithm for TV-based image inpainting with its applications for restoring ancient Thai painting images and removing subtitles from animes.
 
In this project we will talk about image inpainting which is a method to restoring damaged image like picture (a) in area (b) to get picture (c)

We have to seperate problem into grayscale image and color image

for grayscale image, we defined image domain omega, inpainting domain which is damaged part D. u is restored image and z is damaged image.

Total variation model for grayscale inpainting was developed by chan and shen which improve from ROF model 

Since ROF model have 3 numerical algorithm. we can adapt it to use in our work but first we need to find the fastest algorithm to use as base for our algorithm.

First, Explicit time marching. from the model we use calculus of variation then we get the pde which called Euler-Lagrange equation, when we find solution of this pde, we get solution of model too.

We solve PDE by do this iteration until u converge

it has a problem because it needs a large tau to converge faster but it will diverge if tau large than one

Second, Fixed point iteration we do iteration over this until u is converge

but in the middle of image like this we can't find absolute gradient u so we add little beta but the problem is beta to? small it converge too slow  but if it is too large it will not converge to our solution

Split bregman is avoid the problem by change u to w with condition and then change back to no condition form

Then we solve this model with alternating method first find u use new u to find w then update b  until u is converge, BUt it has problem because alternating method do a lot of things so it might slow.

To inpaint in color image, gray scale is just one shade of color. now we move to 3 colors which are red green and blue

so from this we change to vector like this

for model we change from this to this.

and for model in split bregman we change from this to this 

for measurement restoration quality, we use two method 

first, PSNR use for tell how quality in each pixel close to original. higher is better 

second, SSIM use for tell how structure same with original. for example when we restoring circle, do we get a circle or square. SSIM is in range 0 to 1. and close to one is better

Then we test three algorithm with five syntactic image under these conditions

here is a result

Split bregman has the best quality in both PSNR and SSIM and it has the lowest process time So we will create new algorithm base on split bregman

Our new algorithm for restoration thai painting has concept from initial solution.we believe that good initial solution make iteration converge faster. so we use image pyramid which inpaint small image and scale up to use as initial solution.

we will use four level of image-pyramid

when we use more iteration in coarse image level is converge faster.

I had found that iteration in finest level in just a few steps is nearly to be a solution

so we limit to do iteration in finest step only 10 times and we found that 10 in coarse step 3 in the middle and 10 in fine step is fastest iteration.

Our algorithm for Thai painting restoration is downsize image 4 step, split bregman then upscale repeat it 4 times to get the result

it can represent to flow chart like this. 

Then we compare our algorithm with split bregman on 5 thai painting 

here is result.

you will see both are nearly identical.

But Our algorithm has seven times faster with better quality in PSNR in SSIM 

For Anime subtitle removal, we use one-minute video 

we create 20 line of subtitles by using lorem ipsum.

split video into five to create 5 example.

Since video is a sequence of image so we can use previous algorithm in each image.

we also develop own algorithm to finding subtitles by assume as all anime subtitles always has black border

To find it, we mark black color as white, inverse color, remove white color which attach to edge, remove smaller or larger object. and expend it. 

our finding subtitle algorithm have error about 11 percent.

we still use concept about good initial solution. for video, we believe that previous frame is good to be initial solution.

but we will use as initial solution if current frame close to previous frame. so we consider similarities by calculate SSIM outside inpaint domain which are the red area in this pic.

We create 3 version of our algorithm for anime, first, skip frame. if ssim more than 0.95 use previous frame as result 

borrow frame, if ssim more than 0.9 use previous frame as initial solution 

skip and borrow frame, if ssim more than 0.95 we use previous frame as result if more than 0.9 we use as initial solution

Skip and borrow frame technique is fastest method

so we proposed skip and borrow technique as our algorithm for removing subtitle

here is the result of removing subtitle

to compare with split bregman, our algorithm is 67 time faster

we provide some demo which you can access at bit.ly/demothai.

and we also provide anime demo which can access here

thank you.